- Identify which of the course topics you applied (e.g. secure data persistence) and describe how you applied them. In addition to the list of topics enumerated above, you must also describe how your app design reflects what you learned about the design principles we discussed in our Inclusive Design lecture (Lecture 9: Designing for Accessibility)
  - Some of the course topics we applied were data persistance through the use of Isar and ensuring that a user could retain and add recipes to their collection of saved recipes, so that users could open the app with their saved recipes without having to save/like recipes all over again. Another course topic we applied was having a Provider that managed the state of recipes that needed to display on the home screen, so that if we needed to show the recipes on the home page, they would be updated correctly as a result for the user to swipe left or right on. With this, another course topic we applied was through our use of APIs and phone sensors, where the API we used would fetch current local recipes using the gps sensor of the user's phone. Additionally, our app design reflects some of what we've learned about the design principles discussed in the Inclusive Design lecture by focusing on high contrast between foreground and background colors when it came to the recipes and the background, as well as any corresponding text. This focused on design tip 2. Additionally, we made UI changes obvious by displaying any change after a user would interact with the core functionality of the application, which is central to design tip 6a. On top of that, we also made sure that redundant cues were used when we made the cues for swiping for recipes through multiple ways like showing green/red color based on the swipe direction and displaying the Yes/No text to the correct location (swiping right for yes, and swiping left for no).
- Cite anything (website or other resource) or anyone that assisted you in creating your solution to this assignment, Remember to include all resources you used to solve this assignment.
Please acknowledge any help you got from TAs, instructors, or students by name.
You do not need to include links to lecture/section material or flutter docs. However you do need to mention which Flutter classes or packages you viewed.
You must mention if you used significant portions of of the starter code given to you for one or more assignments (and list which assignments)
You must include links to all StackOverflow, Medium, blogs, or other articles you used.
If you used any Generative AI (ChatGPT, Gemini, CodePilot, or the like), please include the prompt(s) you used and how the result was or was not helpful.
If you did not use any resources beyond classroom/flutter docs, please state so explicitly.
  - https://pub.dev/packages/geolocator
  - https://api.flutter.dev/flutter/widgets/GestureDetector-class.html
  - https://docs.flutter.dev/cookbook/networking/fetch-data
  - https://api.flutter.dev/flutter/widgets/PopScope-class.html
  - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/66279804/- flutter-navigator-2-0-how-to-return-data-from-a-screen
  - https://stackoverflow.com/questions/77357118/getting-the-other-values-in-a-record-if-given-the-id-in-isar-database-using-flut
  - https://medium.com/@viachaslau.pratasenia/the-easiest-way-to-use-environments-in-flutter-fa7b2cf0ed8d,
  - https://www.themealdb.com/api.php,
  - https://medium.com/@tamilnambicse/building-a-recipe-search-app-with-flutter-and-the-edamam-api-part-1-70e86cdf1c04,
  - https://pub.dev/documentation/swipe_cards/latest/,
  - https://anupkumarpanwar.medium.com/tinder-like-swipe-cards-in-flutter-2865a76158e3,
  - https://github.com/AnupKumarPanwar/swipe_cards
- Discuss how doing this project challenged and/or deepened each of your understanding of these topics.
  - This project deepened our understanding of the topics mentioned previously since we had to integrate a completely different API than what we were used to using in class to update our recipes displaying. We were able to identify an adequate API for our use and purpose with this app, and we think that's important and worth mentioning, since we had several choices in terms of the API we wanted to utilize for this application, since there exists more than 1 API for finding recipes. Additionally, we deepened our knowledge of Providers as a result, since we had to identify what state we wanted to keep track of and manage, and since the previous assignments would heavily hint as to what state we would have to keep track of, it was a great experience to be able to identify what we wanted to keep track of in the Provider we had. 
- Describe what changed from your original concept to your final implementation and explain why your group made those changes from your original design vision.
  - In our original concept, we wanted to present users with the option to delete items from the saved recipes section. However, due to timing and having delays related to setup for our project, we were unable to incorporate this idea into our final application. Additionally, we also had an unliked recipes section before we even started on our Figma that we submitted, which would display all of the user's recipes that they swiped left on (said no to). However, we decided to scrap this idea because we thought that people wouldn't find that section at all useful, since users wouldn't want to continue to see recipes they don't like.
- Describe two areas of future work for your app, including how you could increase the accessibility and usability of this app. 
  - One area of future work for our app would be to have some sort of user login and password credentials created so that multiple users can access the application without user data being compromised. This would allow data integrity across multiple users so that every user would have their own unique saved recipes. We think we could've achieved this with Firebase, but had decided on Isar for data persistence since that's what we learned in class during this quarter. This would increase both the usability and accessibility of the app since we would ideally want to have error suggestions for users when incorporating the login feature on the landing page, as well as expanding to multiple users. Another area of future work for our app would be to have the option for users to search for a region's specific food, and as a result of changing these settings, would have the recipes update accordingly to the location request regardless of the user's current location. This would broaden the users that would be interested in this application, since it could be the case that a user that has lived in a certain location for so long may already know all the recipes provided, or they do not want recipes that are local to them and would rather like recipes from a different location. As a result, more users could come to our app without having the recipes just be restricted to their location. We could increase the usability and accessibility of this app with this by ensuring that users are greeted with this new feature at the top of the home page so they can search for a location that they'd like to get recipes from, which would result in the recipes getting updated.
- What do you feel was the most valuable thing you learned in CSE 340 that will help you beyond this class, and why?
  - The most valuable thing we learned in CSE 340 that will help us beyond this class would be the structure of reactive applications and how they behave when there needs to be an update to the state. It seems to be a core concept with lots of applications that involve this sort of setting state, and rebuilding, like with Javascript and React for example. For this reason, we think that the most valuable thing we learned in CSE 340 would be this, since it's a core concept in how applications are structured and rebuilt when there is a change in state. 
- If you could go back and give yourself 2-3 pieces of advice at the beginning of the class, what would you say and why? (Alternatively: what 2-3 pieces of advice would you give to future students who take CSE 340 and why?)
  - We think 2-3 pieces of advice we would give to future students who take CSE 340 would be that it's good to get familiar with Dart and Flutter with the first two assignments, since they're core to all the future assignments. So, for the first two assignments, try to do more research on both Dart and Flutter when working on the first and second assignment respectively instead of finishing the assignments quickly. The other piece of advice we would give to future students would be to attend lecture as much as possible and do the exercises in lecture that are practiced, since they are similar concepts that are practiced in the homework assignments that we are given throughout the quarter, which makes the assignments much more manageable. 
